About LINE MAN Wongnai

LINE MAN Wongnai is Thailand’s Leading On-Demand Delivery and Lifestyle e-Commerce platform services. We build technology to help Thai people live better, to empower all local businesses by creating an end-to-end food ecosystem through our channel LINE MAN and Wongnai. Connected consumers, riders, and local businesses and improved the daily life of all parties with restaurants nationwide. And because we are local, we provide the deepest variety and services that are tailor-made for Thai people.

We are looking for an experienced software engineer with a strong background in developing to design a new systems or services in the LINE'S platform ecosystem such as LINE MAN, LINE Taxi and others. Working in a fast-paced environment, you will bring your expertise and skills to tackle the challenges that impact millions of people on our journey to become the No.1 food platform in Thailand

What you’ll Do:

Design and develop new systems or services in the LINE's platform ecosystem such as LINE MAN, LINE Taxi, and others.
Improve the system to enable better performance and scalability, improve code for easier maintenance, and improve team productivity.
Collaborate with teams to deliver quality and efficient software - easy to maintain, testable, and reusable.
Work with different teams to make a real impact that will benefit the team and users of LINE MAN Wongnai.
For new adventurers, our team members will help you work smoothly. For those with experience, they will be able to supervise and mentor others on the team.
Please visit our engineering blog if you’d like to learn more.

What you’ll Need:

You are a software engineer at heart and you’re comfortable writing software to solve problems.
You have experience working on any of the following backend technologies especially Go language to develop backend system.
Knowledge and understanding of Data Structures, Algorithms, OOP, Design Patterns, and Best Practices.
Experience in scripting and familiar with working in Linux environment.
Experience in DevOps Practices and CI/CD Pipelines.
Experience in using Docker to create Docker Images and Deploy Docker Containers.
Basic knowledge of frontend development technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
Growth mindset, willing to learn new things and teach others.
Able to communicate in both spoken and written English.
 
It'd be Great if you have:

Experience with the APIs and microservice architectures.
Experience with test-driven development.
Experience in DevOps Practices and CI/CD Pipelines.
Experience in using Node.js / ReactJS or VueJS.
Experience in using Docker to create Docker Images and Deploy Docker Containers.
Basic knowledge of frontend development technologies such as JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.